Input data
Form of text file
Read sections the size of sentences
Have list of possible translations per word
Use google translation as the base
Increase the amount of popularity of the translations per read through
Input at least 50 chapters worth, at least 10 times
Allow for the data to be viewed and exported to a .csv
Create an app for all of this with a decent ui.
Use either python or c++ as the base and C or something else for the UI
Show accuracy
Create manual

Locate file: Either by manually entering the file name or by selecting it from a file search list.
Read the file that is in the form of a text file or needs to be translated into a text file.
When translating the text mark each word with a number and/or mark the sentence or phrase translated.
Create a class for the translated word.
Create a class for the translated sentence/phrase.
Create a class for the translation of a word.
Create a node class containing the word of the translation.
Create a class for viewing the data of each translated word.
Create a storage form located externally from the program.
- Use .csv or execel documents to store translated phrases/words.
Store and update any information in the external location after a run through of a translation.
Allow for the ability to edit words and phrases that have been translated post running the script.
Allow for the ability to compile the data of the translations. 
Create a storage location of all possible translations for said novel.
Create a storage location of each chapter translated.
- Use a local directory or directory choosen by the user.
Allow for the abiltiy to swap novels.
- When swapping between novels save all changes to the documents and wipe current data on application.
- Ask user if they would like to save changes before swapping novels or exitting from the program.
Find a way to check grammar during translation.
- Use a prebuilt grammar code or create one.
Find a way to use a way to read different languages
- Use the different types of encodings for the different languages being read.
